readme.md, before:

# ![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png) Project #1: The Game

#### Overview

Let's start out with something fun - a game!

Everyone will get a chance to be creative, and work through some really tough programming challenges - it's up to you to come up with a fun and interesting game to build.

You will be working individually for this project, but we'll be guiding you along the process and helping as you go. Show us what you've got!


---

#### Requirements

Your app must:

- Your game should have two pages: a landing page and a game page
- Use only jQuery for DOM manipulation
- Deploy your game online to GitHub pages
- Include at least one CSS transition fired by a DOM event
- Choose an existing landing page on the web that includes a form; screen shot the landing page, and replicate its markup to create a separate game landing page that links to your game
- Use your form to collect information about the user and display that information on the game page; be sure to add things to your form, if needed, like buttons, sliders, checkboxes, radio buttons, etc.
- Style your form, landing page, and game page with class-based CSS
- Include a media query for a tablet to make your pages responsive
- Use skeleton.css for your grid system
- Create and get approval for a wireframe for your game page
- Comment your code appropriately
- Adhere to the [AirBnB style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) for writing your JavaScript
- Adhere to the [Google style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.xml) for writing your HTML/CSS

**Bonus**

- If a two-player game, design logic for winning & visually display which player won (why: not all games have one winner)
- If a two-player game, allow players to take turns (why: not all games have two players or one winner)
- Include at least one animation using HTML Canvas or SVG (why: challenge advanced students who will feel limited using jQuery)
- Include a "Tutorial Section" of this landing page (why: instructors are good for students to think through the "UX" of their project)


---

#### Necessary Deliverables

* A working game, built by you, hosted on GitHub Pages
* A link to the landing page you've chosen to recreate your landing from with a screen shot of that page in your readme.md
* A link to your hosted working game in the URL section of your GitHub repo
* A git repository hosted on GitHub, with a link to your hosted game, and frequent commits dating back to the very beginning of the project
* A readme.md file with explanations of the technologies used, wireframes the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc.

---

#### Suggested Ways to Get Started

* Break the project down into different components (data, presentation, views, style, DOM manipulation) and brainstorm each component individually. Use whiteboards!
* Use your Development Tools (console.log, inspector, alert statements, etc) to debug and solve problems
* Work through the lessons in class & ask questions when you need to! Think about adding relevant code to your game each night, instead of, you know... _procrastinating_.
* Commit early, commit often. Don’t be afraid to break something because you can always go back in time to a previous version.
* Consult documentation resources (MDN, jQuery, etc.) at home to better understand what you’ll be getting into.
* Don’t be afraid to write code that you know you will have to remove later. Create temporary elements (buttons, links, etc) that trigger events if real data is not available. For example, if you’re trying to figure out how to change some text when the game is over but you haven’t solved the win/lose game logic, you can create a button to simulate that until then.

---

#### Potential Project Ideas

##### Blackjack
Make a one player game where people down on their luck can lose all their money by guessing which card the computer will deal next!

##### Self-scoring Trivia
Test your wits & knowledge with whatever-the-heck you know about (so you can actually win). Guess answers, have the computer tell you how right you are!

---

### Useful Resources

* **[MDN Javascript Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)** _(a great reference for all things Vanilla Javascript)_
* **[jQuery Docs](http://api.jquery.com)** _(if you're using jQuery)_
* **[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)** _(for hosting your game)_

---

#### Project Feedback + Evaluation

Your project will be evaluated using [this rubric](rubric.md), assessing the following:

- **Professionalism**
- **Functionality and Requirements**
- **Quality and Consistency**
- **Workflow and Deployment**
- **Creativity**

Commit message:

first draft at including parts of the presentation assessment into the project 1 assessment for wdi 60 (pilot)

readme.md, after:

# ![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png) Project #1: The Game

#### Overview

Let's start out with something fun - a game!

Everyone will get a chance to be creative, and work through some really tough programming challenges - it's up to you to use what you've learned to come up with a fun and interesting game.

You will be working individually for this project, but we'll be guiding you along the process and helping as you go.

As part of this project, you'll be required to create a project presentation that you will use to present your work at the end of project week. Your goal for this presentation is to extract the most important aspects of what went into building your project into easy-to-use language and practice speaking and presenting about your code.

Show us what you've got!


---

#### Requirements

Your app must:

- Your game should have two pages: a landing page and a game page
- Use only jQuery for DOM manipulation
- Deploy your game online to GitHub pages
- Include at least one CSS transition fired by a DOM event
- Choose an existing landing page on the web that includes a form; screen shot the landing page, and replicate its markup to create a separate game landing page that links to your game
- Use your form to collect information about the user and display that information on the game page; be sure to add things to your form, if needed, like buttons, sliders, checkboxes, radio buttons, etc.
- Style your form, landing page, and game page with class-based CSS
- Include a media query for a tablet to make your pages responsive
- Use skeleton.css for your grid system
- Create and get approval for a wireframe for your game page
- Comment your code appropriately
- Adhere to the [AirBnB style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) for writing your JavaScript
- Adhere to the [Google style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.xml) for writing your HTML/CSS

Your presentation must:

- Be at least 5 slides
- Use easy-to-understand language and avoid too much "insider" terminology
- Include at least one wireframe that shows your game page
- Include a screenshot of the existing landing page you've replicated
- Answer the following questions:
	- What features did include?
	- Were there any constraints you had to work with? (e.g. technological, timing, content, etc.)
	- Is there any other information you think might help us (your stakeholders) understand what you've built?

**Bonus**

- If a two-player game, design logic for winning & visually display which player won (why: not all games have one winner)
- If a two-player game, allow players to take turns (why: not all games have two players or one winner)
- Include at least one animation using HTML Canvas or SVG (why: challenge advanced students who will feel limited using jQuery)
- Include a "Tutorial Section" of this landing page (why: instructors are good for students to think through the "UX" of their project)


---

#### Necessary Deliverables

For the app:

* A working game, built by you, hosted on GitHub Pages
* A link to the landing page you've chosen to recreate your landing from with a screen shot of that page in your readme.md
* A link to your hosted working game in the URL section of your GitHub repo
* A git repository hosted on GitHub, with a link to your hosted game, and frequent commits dating back to the very beginning of the project
* A readme.md file with explanations of the technologies used, wireframes the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc.

For the presentation:

* Create a presentation deck - Google Slides, Keynote, PowerPoint - of at least 5 slides that answers the questions above and images of your wireframes and a screenshot of your landing page.
---

#### Suggested Ways to Get Started

* Break the project down into different components (data, presentation, views, style, DOM manipulation) and brainstorm each component individually. Use whiteboards!
* Use your Development Tools (console.log, inspector, alert statements, etc) to debug and solve problems
* Work through the lessons in class & ask questions when you need to! Think about adding relevant code to your game each night, instead of, you know... _procrastinating_.
* Commit early, commit often. Don’t be afraid to break something because you can always go back in time to a previous version.
* Consult documentation resources (MDN, jQuery, etc.) at home to better understand what you’ll be getting into.
* Don’t be afraid to write code that you know you will have to remove later. Create temporary elements (buttons, links, etc) that trigger events if real data is not available. For example, if you’re trying to figure out how to change some text when the game is over but you haven’t solved the win/lose game logic, you can create a button to simulate that until then.

---

#### Potential Project Ideas

##### Blackjack
Make a one player game where people down on their luck can lose all their money by guessing which card the computer will deal next!

##### Self-scoring Trivia
Test your wits & knowledge with whatever-the-heck you know about (so you can actually win). Guess answers, have the computer tell you how right you are!

---

### Useful Resources

* **[MDN Javascript Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)** _(a great reference for all things Vanilla Javascript)_
* **[jQuery Docs](http://api.jquery.com)** _(if you're using jQuery)_
* **[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)** _(for hosting your game)_

---

#### Project Feedback + Evaluation

Your project will be evaluated using [this rubric](rubric.md), assessing the following:

- **Professionalism**
- **Functionality and Requirements**
- **Quality and Consistency**
- **Workflow and Deployment**
- **Creativity**
