rubric.md, before:

# ![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png) PROJECT 1 RUBRIC

### Project #1: The Game 					

Project 1 will be assessed using the following standards and evaluation metrics within those standards, as defined by the course syllabus and General Assembly's employer feedback:

- **Professionalism**
- **Functionality and Requirements**
- **Quality and Consistency**
- **Workflow and Deployment**
- **Creativity**

## PROFESSIONALISM
**Meets Expectations**: Student demonstrates ability to communicate and collaborate with others in the classroom and/or on a team. They treat their peers, teammates, instructors with respect, make and follow agreements, and maintain a growth mindset. Application of these learning goals will be assessed using the criteria below:

#### Evaluation Metrics

- Student is present both mentally and physically in class and/or during team meetings
- Student effectively communicates work, progress, availability and expectations to instructional team and classmates
- Student meets all major required deadlines for deliverables
- Student organizes project materials in a structured, easily navigable manner
- Student responds to constructive feedback and implements suggested improvements
- Student resolves conflict in a professional and respectful manner


---

## FUNCTIONALITY AND REQUIREMENTS
**Meets Expectations**: Student delivers a project that met all the requirements.


#### Evaluation Metrics

- Presentation effectively describes what features will be included 
- Presentation effectively describes constraints to work with (e.g. technological, timing, content, etc.)
- Presentation uses easy-to-understand language 
- Presentation includes a wireframe for the game page and an existing landing page from the web to build from 
- Student work renders a game in the browser 
- Student work includes only jQuery for DOM manipulation 
- Student work includes at least one CSS transition fired by a DOM event 
- Student work has as landing page, replicated from an existing web page, that links to a game 
- Student work uses a form to collect information about the user and display that information; include things like buttons, sliders, checkboxes, radio buttons, etc. 
- Student work includes a styled a form, landing page, and game with class-based CSS 
- Student work includes a media query for a tablet to make the game responsive 
- Student work uses skeleton.css for a grid system 



---

## QUALITY AND CONSISTENCY
**Meets Expectations**: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript adheres to the provided style guides, is commented appropriately, and performs well.

#### Evaluation Metrics



- Code adheres to the [AirBnB style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) for writing JavaScript 
- Code adheres to the [Google style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.xml) for writing HTML/CSS 
- Code is commented appropriately 
- Code runtime is appropriate for project's complexity 


---

## CREATIVITY
**Meets Expectations**: Student added a personal spin or creative element into the project submission.

#### Evaluation Metrics

- Student added a personal spin to the project 



---




## DEPLOYMENT AND WORKFLOW
**Meets Expectations**: Student deployed an application to GitHub Pages with a readme including wireframes, frequent commits, and technology explanations.

#### Evaluation Metrics


- Student provided a link to a repository on GitHub that includes frequent commits dating back to the very beginning of the project 
- Student included a readme file with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc. 
- Student included a link to the landing page chosen to recreate the landing from 
- Student created and got approval for a wireframe for a game page 



|  Evaluation Metric | Incomplete (0) | Did not meet expectations (1) | Meets Expectations  (2) |   
|---|---|---|---|
|Student is present both mentally and physically in class and/or during team meetings
|Student effectively communicates work, progress, availability and expectations to instructional team and classmates
|Student meets all major required deadlines for deliverables
|Student organizes project materials in a structured, easily navigable manner
|Student responds to constructive feedback and implements suggested improvements
|Student resolves conflict in a professional and respectful manner
|---
| Presentation effectively describes what features will be included 
|Presentation effectively describes constraints to work with (e.g. technological, timing, content, etc.)
|Presentation uses easy-to-understand language 
|Presentation includes a wireframe for the game page and an existing landing page from the web to build from 
|Student work renders a game in the browser 
|Student work includes only jQuery for DOM manipulation 
|Student work includes at least one CSS transition fired by a DOM event 
|Student work has as landing page, replicated from an existing web page, that links to a game 
|Student work uses a form to collect information about the user and display that information; include things like buttons, sliders, checkboxes, radio buttons, etc. 
|Student work includes a styled a form, landing page, and game with class-based CSS 
|Student work includes a media query for a tablet to make the game responsive 
|Student work uses skeleton.css for a grid system 
|---|
|Code adheres to the [AirBnB style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) for writing JavaScript 
|Code adheres to the [Google style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.xml) for writing HTML/CSS 
|Code is commented appropriately 
|Code runtime is appropriate for project's complexity
|---|
|Student added a personal spin to the project
|---|
|Student provided a link to a repository on GitHub that includes frequent commits dating back to the very beginning of the project
|Student included a readme file with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc.
|Student included a link to the landing page chosen to recreate the landing from
|Student created and got approval for a wireframe for a game page
|---
|**TOTAL POSSIBLE POINTS** (40)

Commit message:

added flexbox and removed skeleton.css

rubric.md, after:

# ![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png) PROJECT 1 RUBRIC

### Project #1: The Game 					

Project 1 will be assessed using the following standards and evaluation metrics within those standards, as defined by the course syllabus and General Assembly's employer feedback:

- **Professionalism**
- **Functionality and Requirements**
- **Quality and Consistency**
- **Workflow and Deployment**
- **Creativity**

## PROFESSIONALISM
**Meets Expectations**: Student demonstrates ability to communicate and collaborate with others in the classroom and/or on a team. They treat their peers, teammates, instructors with respect, make and follow agreements, and maintain a growth mindset. Application of these learning goals will be assessed using the criteria below:

#### Evaluation Metrics

- Student is present both mentally and physically in class and/or during team meetings
- Student effectively communicates work, progress, availability and expectations to instructional team and classmates
- Student meets all major required deadlines for deliverables
- Student organizes project materials in a structured, easily navigable manner
- Student responds to constructive feedback and implements suggested improvements
- Student resolves conflict in a professional and respectful manner


---

## FUNCTIONALITY AND REQUIREMENTS
**Meets Expectations**: Student delivers a project that met all the requirements.


#### Evaluation Metrics

- Presentation effectively describes what features will be included 
- Presentation effectively describes constraints to work with (e.g. technological, timing, content, etc.)
- Presentation uses easy-to-understand language 
- Presentation includes a wireframe for the game page and an existing landing page from the web to build from 
- Student work renders a game in the browser 
- Student work includes only jQuery for DOM manipulation 
- Student work includes at least one CSS transition fired by a DOM event 
- Student work has as landing page, replicated from an existing web page, that links to a game 
- Student work uses a form to collect information about the user and display that information; include things like buttons, sliders, checkboxes, radio buttons, etc. 
- Student work includes a styled a form, landing page, and game with class-based CSS 
- Student work includes a media query for a tablet to make the game responsive 
- Student uses flexbox to lay out game



---

## QUALITY AND CONSISTENCY
**Meets Expectations**: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript adheres to the provided style guides, is commented appropriately, and performs well.

#### Evaluation Metrics



- Code adheres to the [AirBnB style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) for writing JavaScript 
- Code adheres to the [Google style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.xml) for writing HTML/CSS 
- Code is commented appropriately 

---

## CREATIVITY
**Meets Expectations**: Student added a personal spin or creative element into the project submission.

#### Evaluation Metrics

- Student added a personal spin to the project 



---




## DEPLOYMENT AND WORKFLOW
**Meets Expectations**: Student deployed an application to GitHub Pages with a readme including wireframes, frequent commits, and technology explanations.

#### Evaluation Metrics


- Student provided a link to a repository on GitHub that includes frequent commits dating back to the very beginning of the project 
- Student included a readme file with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc. 
- Student included a link to the landing page chosen to recreate the landing from 
- Student created and got approval for a wireframe for a game page 



|  Evaluation Metric | Incomplete (0) | Did not meet expectations (1) | Meets Expectations  (2) |   
|---|---|---|---|
|Student is present both mentally and physically in class and/or during team meetings
|Student effectively communicates work, progress, availability and expectations to instructional team and classmates
|Student meets all major required deadlines for deliverables
|Student organizes project materials in a structured, easily navigable manner
|Student responds to constructive feedback and implements suggested improvements
|Student resolves conflict in a professional and respectful manner
|---
|Presentation effectively describes what features will be included 
|Presentation effectively describes constraints to work with (e.g. technological, timing, content, etc.)
|Presentation uses easy-to-understand language 
|Presentation includes a wireframe for the game page and an existing landing page from the web to build from 
|Student work renders a game in the browser 
|Student work includes only jQuery for DOM manipulation 
|Student work includes at least one CSS transition fired by a DOM event 
|Student work has as landing page, replicated from an existing web page, that links to a game 
|Student work uses a form to collect information about the user and display that information; include things like buttons, sliders, checkboxes, radio buttons, etc. 
|Student work includes a styled a form, landing page, and game with class-based CSS 
|Student work includes a media query for a tablet to make the game responsive 
|Student uses flexbox to lay out game
|---|
|Code adheres to the [AirBnB style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) for writing JavaScript 
|Code adheres to the [Google style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.xml) for writing HTML/CSS 
|Code is commented appropriately 
|---|
|Student added a personal spin to the project
|---|
|Student provided a link to a repository on GitHub that includes frequent commits dating back to the very beginning of the project
|Student included a readme file with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc.
|Student created and got approval for a wireframe for a game page
|---
|**TOTAL POSSIBLE POINTS** (40)
